Bayu Bayu@gmail.com +62 85158786 Ringkasan I started my architectural journey by studying at Budi Luhur University. After that, I started working in the architectural field as a site supervisor and drafter at a construction company in 2018-2019. Then, I explored other experiences by working as a freelance interior designer alongside my main job. From there I began to explore the world of architecture and interior design until now. Riwayat karier Interior Designer di PT Lumino Sep 2023 - Saat ini (1 tahun) Architectural Drafter di PT Inkoneksi Izi Konsultan Jan 2023 - Sep 2023 (9 bulan) • Visiting the site and contributing to project coordination meetings. • Creating architectural working drawings using CAD. • Collaborating with engineers and contractors to address design challenges. Interior Architect di Skezma Studio Feb 2018 - Sep 2023 (5 tahun 8 bulan) • Conducting site measurements and surveys with the owner to obtain necessary data. • Determining a concept that aligns with the owner's preferences. • Initiating 3D modeling of the design based on the concept and survey, then proceeding to the rendering stage and making revisions if necessary. Quality Control di PT Adhi Persada Gedung Sep 2022 - Des 2022 (4 bulan) • Learning to understand technical specifications, quality standards, and project requirements. • Checking and ensuring that materials and components used meet the specifications. Dibuat dengan Profil Jobstreet • Detecting and documenting defects or flaws found during inspections or testing. • Creating inspection reports that document QC findings, including defects and test results. • Ensuring that safety aspects are also considered in QC, especially in potentially hazardous construction projects. desain interior di PT. DELTA ELOK LESTARI Jan 2020 - Mei 2020 (5 bulan) kontraktor di CV Media Sarana Cipta Buana Jun 2018 - Jul 2019 (1 tahun 2 bulan) • Conducting a site survey before commencing construction work is the initial step in the construction project. • Holding coordination meetings with the project owner and planning consultant involves bringing together key stakeholders to discuss project plans, changes, and progress. • Creating shop drawings and as-built drawings involves producing detailed technical drawings. • Monitoring the project during the execution of the work in line with the work order is a crucial task. Keahlian Lumion, Sketchup, AUTOCAD, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, VRAY, twinmotion, Revit Architecture Bahasa Bahasa Indonesia, English Pendidikan Sarjana Arsitektur (Teknik) dari Universitas Budi Luhur Jakarta Perkiraan tanggal selesai Okt 2023 Dibuat dengan Profil Jobstreet