Permana Abadi Bandung, Indonesia 40141 | | 0821272986 | permanaabadi@gmail.com ABOUT ME As a graduate with a diverse background in design, I bring a blend of creativity and practicality to every project. I thrive on developing innovative designs that not only look great on paper but also translate into real-world solutions. My dedication to making a positive impact shines through my ability to communicate effectively, collaborate seamlessly, and adapt to new challenges. I'm driven by the desire to create spaces that inspire and improve the lives of those who interact with them, underpinned by my strong interpersonal and problem-solving skills. EXPERIENCES Freelancer Architect (January 2022 - present) Designed and planning 3 stories house on 290m2 land and 1 story house on 190m2 land. Using AutoCAD and SketchUp to do the drawing, Enscape and Lumion for rendering, and Photoshop for finishing. Designed public street lighting for the prestigious Dirgahayu Bridge, one of IKN project by Ministry of Public Works and Public Housing. Using bamboo shoots ornament, one of the characteristic of Dayak tribe, as the main motif. Employed AutoCAD, SketchUp, Enscape and Photoshop for drawing, rendering and finishing. Did requirement gathering by observed client personality in order to understand the right concept for the client's house design Collected data and analyze site conditions as well as the client's needs and desires through interviews, taking into account the technical requirements PT Bandung Inti Architectural Designer Intern (June 2019 - August 2019) Designing and planning the interior and exterior of some projects of the company, such as BTC Fashion Mall Renovation, Jatinangor Greenforest Project, Arjasari Resident Project, and Jatinangor Town Square Renovation Planning the estimate cost rate of the projects by doing direct survey to the site and also by discussing and communicating with other division Intense evaluation and revision by discussing with mentor and superior for getting the best result EDUCATION Bandung Institute of Technology Bachelors of Architecture (B.Arch.) ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE Ikatan Mahasiswa Gunadharma (August 2016 - April 2021) (August 2017 - April 2021) Being Writer and Publisher in organization magazine named IMAGE. Responsible to deliver monthly theme by discussing with other member and looking for a reference and create and article based on that. Being Liaison Officer at organization graduation ceremony. Responsible for building relationships and communicating with graduates as well as coordinating the needs and activities of the graduates in various events. Being a member of Sponsorship Division in Architecture Field Study Committee. Responsible for raising funds together with the team through building relationships and sending proposals to various companies and organizations. Being a member of Appointments Division in Graduation Ceremony Committee. Responsible for managing building permits for the inauguration of graduates, arranging the inauguration ceremony with the team, and supervising the inauguration procession. Unit Kesenian Sumatera ITB (May 2017 - April 2021) Being Treasurer in Graduation Ceremony Committee. Responsible for organizing and planning event financial income and expenses, recording and coordinating the financial needs of each division in the committee, and making financial reports and presenting them Being a member of Public Relation Division in 4 Decade Event. Responsible for building relationships and communicating with UKSU ITB alumni to provide invitations, offering merchandises and record the willingness of the alumni to attend the event. Being a member of Medic Division in Regeneration Program. Responsible for recording the medical history of each participant, preparing medicines and medical equipment, supervising and paying attention to the condition of each participant in the, and providing assistance to participants who are sick or injured during the program. Being a member of Media Communication and Information Division in Daily Executive Board. Responsible for recording important information regarding the organization and members, broadcasting information to each member via various social media, and managing UKSU ITB's official social media. SKILLS 2D & 3D Modeling, AutoCAD, SketchUp, Enscape, Lumion, Adobe Photoshop, Microsoft Office, Communication, Teamwork. English (TOEFL Score: 606) AWARDS Most Favourite Final Project Ikatan Mahasiswa Arsitektur Gunadharma April 2021 Got the most engagement and appreciation final project at Architecture Final Project Exhibition (Epilogue) ITB 2021